							Howard Chu
							October 14, 1990

Howdy. This is rmgr, my program for managing multiple remote sessions
thru a single communications line (e.g., a dial-up serial port). The
header file rmgr.h tries to #include <mgr/term.h>, so you will need to
have the MGR client library header files installed in a reasonable spot,
like /usr/include/mgr. (Or just add the -Ipath option to the Makefile
and fake it...)

This program is derived from Oliver Laumann's "screen" program, and has
nearly the same system requirements as that program. (I.e., BSD sockets
and pseudo-ttys are necessary.) Plus, obviously, the console you are
sitting in front of must be running an MGR server for you to use this
program at all.

I am calling this a beta-release, although the program is very stable
and I don't expect many problems to crop up. (But read the man page,
you may find that the "features" I note could hamper your use... You're
welcome to tackle the two noted problems and tell me how it went.)
  -- Howard
	hyc@math.lsa.umich.edu

March 7, 1991

A couple more notes... there was a bug in the Other Window function, it
didn't properly null-terminate the list of arguments passed to execvpe.
(Thanks to Scott Bertilson, scott@poincare.geom.umn.edu for pointing this
out and providing the fix.)

There is another bug which I haven't tried to fix - apparently setting
a window into raw mode doesn't work, it stays in cbreak mode. The result
is that you can't disable ^S/^Q flow control, making it tough to use
emacs and such. The simple solution is to add an argument to disable
flow control, the effect can be carried out by setting the stop and
start chars to -1 in the SetMode routine. (This is what the original
screen program does. I foolishly deleted that, not expecting to need it.
At any rate, it's easy to fix, but I'm not doing it right now.) This
will be my last posting from good ol' xxx.umich.edu, the movers are
coming tomorrow to take me away.....
  -- Howard
